Prepare v1.4.0 (#637)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator: CHANGELOG.md

# 1.4.0

## General

Added
* Added an optional ServiceMonitor for prometheus to the Helm chart ([#559] thanks @dani-CO-CN!)
* Added the ability to overwrite resource limits and requests to the Helm chart ([#560] thanks @dani-CO-CN!)

> * Added the ability to ovewrite prioirtyClass to the Helm chart ([#567] thanks @dani-CO-CN!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the ability to overwrite priorityClass to the Helm chart ([#567] thanks @dani-CO-CN!)
```
